what's going on everyone kristin desilva
here today I'll be showing you how to
make the chipotle chicken this is the
same recipe at the Chipotle restaurant
that we all know and love uses so I hope
you enjoy here's what you'll need a
cutting board a cutting knife a large
mixing bowl tongs a tray for your
chicken four to six chicken breasts
chipotle pepper in adobo sauce salt
pepper olive oil and garlic to start we
have to build a marinade we're going to
do a seven ounce can of chipotle pepper
in adobo sauce
you can get this at your local grocery
store I get it at Walmart next you're
gonna do about a tablespoon of olive oil
yeah and now we are going to peel the
garlic skin off and we are gonna chop
six cloves then we will mince them up
into little pieces and as you can tell
by the fingernails this is my sister
Ashley and not me so I want to thank you
actually for assisting you today I was
behind the camera and behind the
microphone
so she took care of the kitchen work
today and I got to lay back and chill
she's better than me anyways alright now
that she's done with that she's gonna
throw that garlic into the marinade bowl
and she's gonna move on to one teaspoon
of black pepper and two teaspoons of
salt go ahead and sprinkle that in there
Ashley now we're gonna proceed to mixing
it all up if you like it spicy you can
smash up the peppers it'll make it hot
now we are going to dump the marinade
all over that chicken you want to make
sure that the chicken gets all lathered
up and covered with the marinade you're
going to let this marinade for about 15
minutes before putting it onto the
frying pan
once 15 minutes is up
fire up the pan put a little cooking
spray or olive oil medium heat bring
over your chicken throw it on baby make
sure the pan is already hot before you
throw it on look at that
smoke
after five minutes you want to flip it
this also depends on your chicken
breasts and how thick it is to follow
the instructions on the bag let that sit
for another five minutes and there you
have it
our chipotle chicken is done throw it
into a glass tray like this so you can
throw it in the fridge and have meal
prep all week I eat this with my rice I
eat this with salads anything goes guys
try it out tell me how you like it make
sure you like this video leave a comment
and subscribe if you're not already
alright guys
more cooking videos coming soon I'll see
you guys in the next one